Adds Brazil Open and Virtual Season to the Team History page (#217)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/01-team/04-history/01-team-history.mdx

NUbots became the Four Legged League world champions in 2006 in Germany. NUbots, in collaboration with the National University of Maynooth from Ireland, won the first Standard Platform League in 2008, as team NUManoid in Suzhou, China.

## 2021/2022 Virtual Season

> After the effort of creating the online competition set up in Webots for 2021, the League decided to make use of this work by starting the [Virtual Season competition](https://humanoid.robocup.org/hl-vs2022/). The competition was designed to span over many months, with the first game on the 19th of December, 2021, and the final games on the 17th of April, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the effort of creating the online competition format using Webots in 2021, the League decided to make use of this work by starting the [Virtual Season competition](https://humanoid.robocup.org/hl-vs2022/). The competition was designed to span over several months, with the first game on the 19th of December 2021, and the final games on the 17th of April 2022.
```
